README.md, before:

# 08-Endless-Runner
This is the seventh assignment for ILS-Z399: a side-scrolling 2D game.

Fork the repository, update the code, change the LICENSE and the README.md, and then submit a link to your repository on Canvas.

You have a lot more leeway on this assignment than on previous projects. The simplest version of this would probably be an endless runner, but any kind of 2D side-scroller will meet the requirements of the assignment.

My example uses sprites provided by Bevouliin ([http://bevouliin.com](http://bevouliin.com)) under a Creative Commons Attribution License.

Here are a few resources that might be helpful:

* [ALAN BECKER: Animating Walk Cycles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y6aVz0Acx0)
* [opengameart.org is a repository of royalty-free graphics. Make sure you honor the licensing](http://opengameart.org)
* [Easing Equations in Python (orig by Robert Penner)](https://gist.github.com/th0ma5w/9883420)
* [PyGame Tutorial: Working with Images](http://www.nerdparadise.com/programming/pygame/part2)
* [PyGame Tutorial: Music and Sound Effects](http://www.nerdparadise.com/programming/pygame/part3)
* [pygame shaking window when losing lives](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23633339/pygame-shaking-window-when-loosing-lifes)
* [Some pygame examples for you to play with](https://github.com/ILS-Z399/pygame-examples)
* [Degrees and Radians](https://www.quia.com/jg/321176list.html)

To complete this assignment you will need to understand:

* Python Classes, objects, and other data structures
* The pygame game engine
* pygame sprites
* Ramping difficulty
* How to make your game juicy


---

The grading criteria will be as follows:

* [1 point] Assignment turned in on time
* [1] Repository contains an appropriate software license
* [2] Repository contains a descriptive README.md
* [1] Requires Python 3
* [1] No syntax errors
* [8] Accomplishes the objective of the assignment
* [2] No other runtime errors
* [2] Validates user input (if necessary)
* [2] Adds interesting features (beyond the scope of the assignment)

20 points total

Commit message:

Official launch of One Run Dungeon: The Endless Runner.

README.md, after:

# 08-Endless-Runner

One Run Dungeon: The Endless Runner is the official spinoff title of the critically ignored Fall 2016 Hoosier Games project, One Run Dungeon. Jump over pits (any key) and sprint past goblins (click) in your desperate attempt to crawl through this dungeon in just one run!

All assets used here are from the One Run Dungeon project. 

Credits:

Character Artwork: Jay Humphrey
Background Art: Blake Anderson
chandelier: Alex Doub
Music: Thomas McGrew
Sound Effects: Ethan Adams
Soundscape: Nathaniel Ferguson



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the seventh assignment for ILS-Z399: a side-scrolling 2D game.

Fork the repository, update the code, change the LICENSE and the README.md, and then submit a link to your repository on Canvas.

You have a lot more leeway on this assignment than on previous projects. The simplest version of this would probably be an endless runner, but any kind of 2D side-scroller will meet the requirements of the assignment.

My example uses sprites provided by Bevouliin ([http://bevouliin.com](http://bevouliin.com)) under a Creative Commons Attribution License.

Here are a few resources that might be helpful:

* [ALAN BECKER: Animating Walk Cycles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y6aVz0Acx0)
* [opengameart.org is a repository of royalty-free graphics. Make sure you honor the licensing](http://opengameart.org)
* [Easing Equations in Python (orig by Robert Penner)](https://gist.github.com/th0ma5w/9883420)
* [PyGame Tutorial: Working with Images](http://www.nerdparadise.com/programming/pygame/part2)
* [PyGame Tutorial: Music and Sound Effects](http://www.nerdparadise.com/programming/pygame/part3)
* [pygame shaking window when losing lives](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23633339/pygame-shaking-window-when-loosing-lifes)
* [Some pygame examples for you to play with](https://github.com/ILS-Z399/pygame-examples)
* [Degrees and Radians](https://www.quia.com/jg/321176list.html)

To complete this assignment you will need to understand:

* Python Classes, objects, and other data structures
* The pygame game engine
* pygame sprites
* Ramping difficulty
* How to make your game juicy


---

The grading criteria will be as follows:

* [1 point] Assignment turned in on time
* [1] Repository contains an appropriate software license
* [2] Repository contains a descriptive README.md
* [1] Requires Python 3
* [1] No syntax errors
* [8] Accomplishes the objective of the assignment
* [2] No other runtime errors
* [2] Validates user input (if necessary)
* [2] Adds interesting features (beyond the scope of the assignment)

20 points total
